and the Lord spoke to Moses take Aaron
and the Lord spoke to Moses take Aaron and his sons with him and the garments
and his sons with him and the garments
and his sons with him and the garments the anointing oil a bull as the sin
the anointing oil a bull as the sin
the anointing oil a bull as the sin offering to rams and a basket of
offering to rams and a basket of
offering to rams and a basket of unleavened bread and gather all the
unleavened bread and gather all the
unleavened bread and gather all the congregation together at the door of the
congregation together at the door of the
congregation together at the door of the tabernacle of meeting
tabernacle of meeting
tabernacle of meeting so Moses did as the LORD commanded him
so Moses did as the LORD commanded him
so Moses did as the LORD commanded him and the congregation was gathered
and the congregation was gathered
and the congregation was gathered together at the door of the tabernacle
together at the door of the tabernacle
together at the door of the tabernacle of meeting and Moses said to the
of meeting and Moses said to the
of meeting and Moses said to the congregation this is what the LORD
congregation this is what the LORD
congregation this is what the LORD commanded to begun then Moses brought
commanded to begun then Moses brought
commanded to begun then Moses brought Aaron and his sons and washed with water
Aaron and his sons and washed with water
Aaron and his sons and washed with water and he put the tunic on him girded him
and he put the tunic on him girded him
and he put the tunic on him girded him with the sash clothed him with the road
with the sash clothed him with the road
with the sash clothed him with the road but he put the ether on him and he
but he put the ether on him and he
but he put the ether on him and he girded him with the intricately woven
girded him with the intricately woven
girded him with the intricately woven band of the ephod and with it tied the
band of the ephod and with it tied the
band of the ephod and with it tied the ephod on him then he put the breastplate
ephod on him then he put the breastplate
ephod on him then he put the breastplate and he put the Urim and the Thummim in
and he put the Urim and the Thummim in
and he put the Urim and the Thummim in the breastplate and he put the turban on
the breastplate and he put the turban on
the breastplate and he put the turban on his head also on the turban on its front
his head also on the turban on its front
his head also on the turban on its front he put the golden plates the holy crown
he put the golden plates the holy crown
he put the golden plates the holy crown as the Lord had commanded Moses also
as the Lord had commanded Moses also
as the Lord had commanded Moses also Moses took the anointing oil and
Moses took the anointing oil and
Moses took the anointing oil and anointed the tabernacle and all that was
anointed the tabernacle and all that was
anointed the tabernacle and all that was in it and consecrated them he sprinkled
in it and consecrated them he sprinkled
in it and consecrated them he sprinkled some of it on the altar 7-time anointed
some of it on the altar 7-time anointed
some of it on the altar 7-time anointed the altar and all its utensils and the
the altar and all its utensils and the
the altar and all its utensils and the Laver and it's base to consecrate
Laver and it's base to consecrate
Laver and it's base to consecrate and he poured some of the anointing oil
and he poured some of the anointing oil
and he poured some of the anointing oil on Aaron's head and anointed him to
on Aaron's head and anointed him to
on Aaron's head and anointed him to consecrate him and Moses brought Aaron's
consecrate him and Moses brought Aaron's
consecrate him and Moses brought Aaron's sons and put tunics on them girded them
sons and put tunics on them girded them
sons and put tunics on them girded them with sashes and put hats on them as the
with sashes and put hats on them as the
with sashes and put hats on them as the Lord had commanded Moses and he brought
Lord had commanded Moses and he brought
Lord had commanded Moses and he brought the bull for the sin offering and Aaron
the bull for the sin offering and Aaron
the bull for the sin offering and Aaron and his sons laid their hands on the
and his sons laid their hands on the
and his sons laid their hands on the head of the bull for the sin offering
head of the bull for the sin offering
head of the bull for the sin offering and Moses killed it then he took the
and Moses killed it then he took the
and Moses killed it then he took the blood and put some on the horns of the
blood and put some on the horns of the
blood and put some on the horns of the altar all around with his fingers and
altar all around with his fingers and
altar all around with his fingers and purified the altar he poured the blood
purified the altar he poured the blood
purified the altar he poured the blood at the face of the altar and consecrated
at the face of the altar and consecrated
at the face of the altar and consecrated it to make atonement for it
it to make atonement for it
it to make atonement for it then he took all the fat that was on the
then he took all the fat that was on the
then he took all the fat that was on the entrance the fatty lobe attached to the
entrance the fatty lobe attached to the
entrance the fatty lobe attached to the liver and the tube kidneys with their
liver and the tube kidneys with their
liver and the tube kidneys with their fat and Moses burned them on the altar
fat and Moses burned them on the altar
fat and Moses burned them on the altar but the bull it's high it's flesh and
but the bull it's high it's flesh and
but the bull it's high it's flesh and it's awful he burned with fire outside
it's awful he burned with fire outside
it's awful he burned with fire outside the camp as the Lord had commanded Moses
the camp as the Lord had commanded Moses
the camp as the Lord had commanded Moses then he brought the ran as the burnt
then he brought the ran as the burnt
then he brought the ran as the burnt offering and Aaron and his sons laid
offering and Aaron and his sons laid
offering and Aaron and his sons laid their hands on the head of the RAM and
their hands on the head of the RAM and
their hands on the head of the RAM and Moses killed then he sprinkled the blood
Moses killed then he sprinkled the blood
Moses killed then he sprinkled the blood all around on the altar and he cut the
all around on the altar and he cut the
all around on the altar and he cut the Rama to pieces and Moses burnt the head
Rama to pieces and Moses burnt the head
Rama to pieces and Moses burnt the head of the pieces and the fact then he
of the pieces and the fact then he
of the pieces and the fact then he washed the entrails and the legs in
washed the entrails and the legs in
washed the entrails and the legs in water and Moses burned the whole RAM on
water and Moses burned the whole RAM on
water and Moses burned the whole RAM on the altar it was a burnt sacrifice for a
the altar it was a burnt sacrifice for a
the altar it was a burnt sacrifice for a sweet aroma an offering made by fire to
sweet aroma an offering made by fire to
sweet aroma an offering made by fire to the Lord as the Lord had commanded Moses
the Lord as the Lord had commanded Moses
the Lord as the Lord had commanded Moses and he brought the second ram the ram of
and he brought the second ram the ram of
and he brought the second ram the ram of consecration then Aaron and his sons
consecration then Aaron and his sons
consecration then Aaron and his sons laid their hands on the head of the RAM
laid their hands on the head of the RAM
laid their hands on the head of the RAM and Moses killed also he took some of
and Moses killed also he took some of
and Moses killed also he took some of its blood and put it on the tip of
its blood and put it on the tip of
its blood and put it on the tip of Aaron's right ear on the thumb of his
Aaron's right ear on the thumb of his
Aaron's right ear on the thumb of his right hand and on the big toe of his
right hand and on the big toe of his
right hand and on the big toe of his right foot
right foot
right foot then he brought Aaron's sons and Moses
then he brought Aaron's sons and Moses
then he brought Aaron's sons and Moses put some of the blood on the tips of
put some of the blood on the tips of
put some of the blood on the tips of their right ears on the thumbs of their
their right ears on the thumbs of their
their right ears on the thumbs of their right hands and on the big toes of their
right hands and on the big toes of their
right hands and on the big toes of their right feet and Moses sprinkled the blood
right feet and Moses sprinkled the blood
right feet and Moses sprinkled the blood all around on the altar then he took the
all around on the altar then he took the
all around on the altar then he took the fat and the fat tail all the fat that
fat and the fat tail all the fat that
fat and the fat tail all the fat that was on the entrails the fatty lobe
was on the entrails the fatty lobe
was on the entrails the fatty lobe attached to the liver the two kidneys
attached to the liver the two kidneys
attached to the liver the two kidneys and their fat and the right thigh and
and their fat and the right thigh and
and their fat and the right thigh and from the basket of unleavened bread that
from the basket of unleavened bread that
from the basket of unleavened bread that was before the Lord
was before the Lord
was before the Lord he took one unleavened cake a cake of
he took one unleavened cake a cake of
he took one unleavened cake a cake of bread anointed with oil and one wafer
bread anointed with oil and one wafer
bread anointed with oil and one wafer and put them on the fat and on the right
and put them on the fat and on the right
and put them on the fat and on the right thigh and he put all these in Aaron's
thigh and he put all these in Aaron's
thigh and he put all these in Aaron's hands and in his son's hands and waved
hands and in his son's hands and waved
hands and in his son's hands and waved them as a wave offering before the Lord
then Moses took them from their hands
then Moses took them from their hands and burned them on the altar on the
and burned them on the altar on the
and burned them on the altar on the burnt offering
burnt offering
burnt offering they were consecration offerings for a
they were consecration offerings for a
they were consecration offerings for a sweet aroma that was an offering made by
sweet aroma that was an offering made by
sweet aroma that was an offering made by fire to the Lord and Moses took the
fire to the Lord and Moses took the
fire to the Lord and Moses took the breast and waived it as a wave offering
breast and waived it as a wave offering
breast and waived it as a wave offering before the Lord it was Moses part of the
before the Lord it was Moses part of the
before the Lord it was Moses part of the RAM of consecration as the Lord had
RAM of consecration as the Lord had
RAM of consecration as the Lord had commanded Moses when Moses took some of
commanded Moses when Moses took some of
commanded Moses when Moses took some of the anointing oil and some of the blood
the anointing oil and some of the blood
the anointing oil and some of the blood which was on the altar and sprinkled it
which was on the altar and sprinkled it
which was on the altar and sprinkled it on air on his garments on his sons and
on air on his garments on his sons and
on air on his garments on his sons and on the garments of his sons with him and
on the garments of his sons with him and
on the garments of his sons with him and he consecrated Aaron his garments his
he consecrated Aaron his garments his
he consecrated Aaron his garments his sons and the garments of his sons with
sons and the garments of his sons with
sons and the garments of his sons with him and Moses said to Aaron and his sons
him and Moses said to Aaron and his sons
him and Moses said to Aaron and his sons boil the flesh at the door of the
boil the flesh at the door of the
boil the flesh at the door of the tabernacle of meeting and eat it there
tabernacle of meeting and eat it there
tabernacle of meeting and eat it there with the bread that is in the basket of
with the bread that is in the basket of
with the bread that is in the basket of consecration offerings as I commanded
consecration offerings as I commanded
consecration offerings as I commanded saying Aaron and his sons shall eat it
saying Aaron and his sons shall eat it
saying Aaron and his sons shall eat it what remains of the flesh and of the
what remains of the flesh and of the
what remains of the flesh and of the bread you shall burn with fire and you
bread you shall burn with fire and you
bread you shall burn with fire and you shall not go outside the door of the
shall not go outside the door of the
shall not go outside the door of the tabernacle of meeting for seven days
tabernacle of meeting for seven days
tabernacle of meeting for seven days until the days of your consecration are
until the days of your consecration are
until the days of your consecration are ended for seven days
ended for seven days
ended for seven days he shall consecrate you as he has done
he shall consecrate you as he has done
he shall consecrate you as he has done this day so the Lord has commanded to do
this day so the Lord has commanded to do
this day so the Lord has commanded to do to make atonement for you therefore
to make atonement for you therefore
to make atonement for you therefore you should stay at the door of the
you should stay at the door of the
you should stay at the door of the tabernacle of meaning day and night for
tabernacle of meaning day and night for
tabernacle of meaning day and night for seven days and keep the charge of the
seven days and keep the charge of the
seven days and keep the charge of the Lord so that you may not die for so I
Lord so that you may not die for so I
Lord so that you may not die for so I have been commanded so Aaron and his
have been commanded so Aaron and his
have been commanded so Aaron and his sons did all the things that the Lord
sons did all the things that the Lord
sons did all the things that the Lord had commanded by the hand of Moses